user stories
//As a user, I want to create a password locker account with my details, a login username and password.
As a user, I want to store my already existing account credentials in the application.
 Assuming I already have a twitter account, I want to store my already existing twitter username and password in the application.
As a user, I want to create new account credentials in the application. For example, if I have not yet signed up for Instagram, I would want to create a credentials account for Instagram in the application and the application generates a password for me to use when I sign up for Instagram.
As a user, I want to have the option of putting in a password that I want to use for the new credential account. For example, when creating my Instagram credential account, I want to have an option of putting in the password I want to use instead of having the application generate a password for me.
As a user, I also want to view my various account credentials and their passwords in the application.
As a user, I want to delete a credentials account that I no longer need in the application.


Objectives
Your project should have two classes, a User class and Credentials class.
Your application should have an authentication system that enables a user to log into their account and view their credentials. A user should be able to login to their account using the password that they created and NOT any password.
Your project should make use of docstrings to document methods and functions.
Your project must have a test class that test each individual method in your classes.


Technical Requirements
Your project should contain a proper detailed README markdown file, with the full description of the project, setup instructions, dependencies, technologies used, authors, license information and contact information.
Your project should have descriptive and properly outlined commits.
Your project code should be pushed to Github with a description of the app provided in the Github Repository.

If you have completed the objectives above. You can try working on the following features.

As a user, I would like to be able to copy my credentials to the clipboard.
As a user, I would also like to dictate the length of the password I generate.